[DRAFT] Add mh_amcl demo (#13)
Ekumen-OS/beluga-demos: experimental/beluga_demo_mh_amcl/README.md

# Beluga Multi-Hypotheses AMCL demo

> ## How the algorithm work

Reviewer: @JesusSilvaUtrera nit: 
```suggestion
## How the algorithm works
```

- In the reseed phase particles with less weight (losers) are replaced by particles close to those with more weight (winners). If the distribution’s covariance is high, the number of particles is increased. If it’s low, it’s decreased to save computational cost.

A quality value is computed (value between 0 and 1) for every set of particles (every hypothesis) and a weight is computed for every particle (this remains the same). Some hypotheses can be merged if they converge to the same pose.

The output of the localization system is still a mean value and a covariance calculated from the highest quality particle set.

The number of hypotheses is parametrized, along with other new concepts like the quality thresholds or the reseeding percentage for winners.

The map-matching is done with 4 levels of resolution to improve computational cost, because the next level is only computed on those cells that are candidates from the previous level. The result is a list with the candidates sorted by quality.

### Steps for managing the hypotheses

> 1. Start: At the start of the robot operation, P(0,t0) (first set of particles, hypothesis) is started at the robot’s initial position, if known.

Reviewer: @JesusSilvaUtrera nit: 
```suggestion
1. Start: At the start of the robot operation, P(0,t0) (first set of particles, hypothesis) is started at the robot initial position, if known.
```

> 2. Creation: Periodically, a cascade map matching algorithm is used to determine which map positions the latest sensory readings could be obtained. If a position with a high match is found (high hit field), a new P(k,t) is started at this position.

Reviewer: @JesusSilvaUtrera nit: 
```suggestion
2. Creation: Periodically, a cascade map matching algorithm is used to determine in which map positions the latest sensor readings could have been obtained. If a position with a high match is found (high hit field), a new P(k,t) is initialized at this position.
```
